Figure. Molecular Phylogenetic analysis by Maximum Likelihood method 
The evolutionary history was inferred by using the Maximum Likelihood method based on the Jukes-Cantor model [1]. The bootstrap consensus tree inferred from 100 replicates [2] is taken to represent the evolutionary history of the taxa analyzed [2]. Branches corresponding to partitions reproduced in less than 50% bootstrap replicates are collapsed. Initial tree(s) for the heuristic search were obtained automatically by applying Neighbor-Join and BioNJ algorithms to a matrix of pairwise distances estimated using the Maximum Composite Likelihood (MCL) approach, and then selecting the topology with superior log likelihood value. The analysis involved 123 nucleotide sequences. All positions containing gaps and missing data were eliminated. There were a total of 125 positions in the final dataset. Evolutionary analyses were conducted in MEGA6 [3].


1. Jukes T.H. and Cantor C.R. (1969). Evolution of protein molecules. In Munro HN, editor, Mammalian Protein Metabolism, pp. 21-132, Academic Press, New York.
2. Felsenstein J. (1985). Confidence limits on phylogenies: An approach using the bootstrap. Evolution 39:783-791.
3. Tamura K., Stecher G., Peterson D., Filipski A., and Kumar S. (2013). MEGA6: Molecular Evolutionary Genetics Analysis version 6.0. Molecular Biology and Evolution30: 2725-2729.
Disclaimer: Although utmost care has been taken to ensure the correctness of the caption, the caption text is provided "as is" without any warranty of any kind. Authors advise the user to carefully check the caption prior to its use for any purpose and report any errors or problems to the authors immediately (www.megasoftware.net). In no event shall the authors and their employers be liable for any damages, including but not limited to special, consequential, or other damages. Authors specifically disclaim all other warranties expressed or implied, including but not limited to the determination of suitability of this caption text for a specific purpose, use, or application.
